W-17254207 | Documentation of AS2 Connector v6.9.0 and minor corrections to previous versions (#2742)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: as2/6.9/modules/ROOT/pages/as2-connector-upgrade-migrate.adoc

= Upgrading and Migrating AS2 Connector to Version 6.x - Mule 4
:page-aliases: connectors::as2/as2-connector-upgrade-migrate.adoc

Upgrade Anypoint Connector for AS2 (AS2 Connector) from version 5.x to 6.x to take advantage of new features and functionality.

== Supported Upgrade Paths

[%header,cols="50a,50a"]
|===
|From Version | To Version
|5.x |6.x
|===

== Changes

=== 6.9

> Supports MDN Signatures that are encoded in BASE 64 and formatted with lines longer than 76 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connector now supports MDN Signatures that are Base64-encoded and have lines that exceed 76 characters.
```
